adding warranties object to contract, and adding descriptions to warranty types (#314)
Open-Orange-Button/Orange-Button-Taxonomy: docs/whatsnew/whatsnew_dev.rst

* Adds TestLab and CertificationAgency to enum list of EntityRole. (:pull:`305`)
* Adds OMTaskTypeItemType. Adds Opportunistic to MaintenanceTypeItemType and removes Periodic. (:pull:`303`)
* Adds values Security, IT, Safety, Technician and Other to ContactTypeItemType. (:pull:`310`)

> * Adds descriptions to warranty type enum values (:pull:`314`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Renames WarrantyItemType value Power to Performance, and adds descriptions to enum values (:pull:`314`)
```
